Initial docs for RPC and resource support (#18)
golemcloud/docs: src/pages/docs/rpc.mdx

# Worker to Worker communication

## Concept

> Golem allows creating and invoking **workers** through it's [REST API](/docs/rest-api/worker) or [command-line interface](/docs/golem-cli), using the rules defined on the [template interface](/docs/template-interface) page. These methods are for working with Golem workers from the outside world - the public API for calling one worker from another is not convenient enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Golem allows creating and invoking **workers** through its [REST API](/docs/rest-api/worker) or [command-line interface](/docs/golem-cli), using the rules defined on the [template interface](/docs/template-interface) page. These methods are for working with Golem workers from the outside world. However, the public API for calling one worker from another is not very convenient.
```

  }

  variant wit-node {
    record-value(list<node-index>),
    variant-value(tuple<u32, option<node-index>>),
    enum-value(u32),
    flags-value(list<bool>),
    tuple-value(list<node-index>),
    list-value(list<node-index>),
    option-value(option<node-index>),
    result-value(result<option<node-index>, option<node-index>>),
    prim-u8(u8),
    prim-u16(u16),
    prim-u32(u32),
    prim-u64(u64),
    prim-s8(s8),
    prim-s16(s16),
    prim-s32(s32),
    prim-s64(s64),
    prim-float32(float32),
    prim-float64(float64),
    prim-char(char),
    prim-bool(bool),
    prim-string(string),
  }

  record uri {
    value: string,
  }

  variant rpc-error {
    protocol-error(string),
    denied(string),
    not-found(string),
    remote-internal-error(string)
  }

  resource wasm-rpc {
    constructor(location: uri);

    invoke-and-await: func(function-name: string, function-params: list<wit-value>) -> result<wit-value, rpc-error>;
  }
}

world wit-value {
    import types;
}
```

### Worker URI

The **worker URI** that has to be passed to the remote interface as a parameter identifies a specific **Golem worker**, consisting of the **template ID** and the **worker name**.

> It can be constructed by hand using the pattern `worker://template-id/worker-name`, and a running worker can get it's own URI using the Golem-specific host function `golem:api/host/get-self-uri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be constructed by hand using the pattern `worker://template-id/worker-name`, and a running worker can get its own URI using the Golem-specific host function `golem:api/host/get-self-uri`.
```
